now yes valentina and good mirror of a
my friend
and I wanted to say some words to him
abuse
some girls who criticize violet
grace all the cinemas and their speakers
that light in two or three chapters and it
they say there this series I do not like I'm going to
make me from youtube because I feel like
or I bother you in heat, I'm telling you
a decline not centuries where yes what
say the ones from here
nothing bad
but good if you want to say at least
flirting with a hug looking at the
another two or three weeks
violeta assumes that thiago has not
liked it is good to think what you think
but it's not just an internet day
there are also some things that do have
reasons
what they all look very rosita but for a
reason this is called violet the box
is violet or think about it too
they had something changed and that's very
good
so either think it have they have
to think about something that does not have the
brain because that would be very useless
it would be fourth
so some more things also have
I trace the girls who say that a
girl especially does not show it a
bunch of videos explaining any
thing
Kim says that the bad always have or
they are blonde redheads but in free
supposes that the bad one does not
the bad is not the bad thing was before
that was blonde crying
No, it's not blond. Estella understands
the black hair so this has nothing
what to do with this so come with
violet look at me I love tell you it's
well to the concert in the grounds as
my friend all that is, but I hope that
at least for that to criticize
violet see it the first season and not
use insults
that is, I am your mom to tell you
that have to be
all open but
I say no
think about it, have a reason to say
there are these, I do not like life all
the first season of good have to
have a reason is also the have
well i mean I love violet not
I have nothing against although I know always
but although always
protagonists have to be very cute
but good
that's how we have them
have
those we know also in a girl
that if the water gives even if you do not like it and
I
good guys
in these places with many areas of
program, my name is good
it would be like valentina I'm going to do some
other videos is called juana
able that I will be with her
Well, I hope you liked it a lot
that you really liked this video
I'm going to do other
later when it is more canchera so
well see it write what you lose there
below and if they want to say a video of
leave up there that says upload videos
with a work accent
so well I hope you have
delighted the video
but the rest
the new and stupid masters and bye